First draft (#1)
lsst/rtn-105: index.md

```

```{note}
This document is correct but incomplete.
```

## Context

The Rubin Science Platform offers an opportunity to grow the capabilities it offers to its users through contributions beyond those that can be developed by the Data Services group. Doing so is consistent with our aspirations for the future of the Platform, and we are open to such proposals.

However, while it is technically possible (and may even be easy) to add to the capabilities of the Rubin Science Platform in this way, there is a tension between the benefits of such additions and:

> * increasing the operational burden on the Data Services division

Reviewer: Data Services  division -> group or team

* They confirm that the contributor(s) are authorized, able and willing to fulfill the on-going responsibilities outlined in this document
* They are aware that the capability may be withdrawn under circumstances described in this document

> This formality helps mitigate the risk of enthusiastic but under-resourced contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This formality helps mitigate the risks associated with pertinent but under-resourced contributions.```

As part of any delivery (software, services or data), the contributor is expected to:

* provide a link to externally (to the RSP) hosted documentation
* identify one or more GitHub repositories containing all code involved licensed under a major open source license
* engage in a discussion on how assets (eg. files) are best hosted (S3, POSIX etc)
* work with Data Services to minimize POSIX usage to the extent possible

> * supply contact information for a minimum of two people who assume the on-going responsibilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* supply contact information for a minimum of two people who assume the on-going support responsibilities
```

* Contributors need to keep their codebases up to date, including up-revving their dependencies in a timely manner, and/or processing the PRs from our automated dependency manager as appropriate.
* Services may be asked to instrument for run-time metrics.
* A contributor may be asked to send a representative to SQuaRE's "Patch Thursday" call if the need arises.

> * Any incompatibilities between contributed code and the RSP services and infrastructure needs to be resolved in a timely manner. This may require significant changes such as upgrading to a new major version of Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any incompatibilities between contributed code and the RSP services and infrastructure must be resolved in a timely manner. This may require significant changes such as upgrading to a new major version of Python.
```
